( crowd cheering )
( crowd murmuring )
Announcer: THIS MATCH DECIDES
WHO GOES ON TO MEGALONIA!
ROUND TWO IS JUST BEGINNING.
( crowd roaring )
♪
( Abuhachi groans )
Nanbu: DON'T JUST STAND THERE!
USE YOUR FEET!
MOVE AROUND HIM!
Announcer: SHIRATO HAS TAKEN
THE LEAD THROUGHOUT THE FIGHT,
LEAVING "GEARLESS" JOE
ON THE DEFENSIVE!
SO FAR, JOE HASN'T BEEN
ABLE TO LAND ANYTHING.
Mikio: LET ME GUESS.
"IT WASN'T SUPPOSED
TO BE LIKE THIS."
( Joe groans )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
( all gasp )
Computer: 1, 2...
( Joe groans )
Computer: 3...
4...
‐ Sachio: POPS, HIS GEAR!
‐ Computer: 5...
Nanbu: YEAH. IT'S DEFINITELY
PREDICTING WHAT JOE IS DOING.
‐ Computer: 6...
‐ Nanbu: NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
THIS ISN'T THE SAME GEAR
MIKIO WAS USING BEFORE.
( Joe groans )
Computer: 8...
( crowd cheering )
Computer: 9...
( Joe sighs )
♪
( singing in Japanese )
( crowd cheering )
Yukiko: THE LATEST MODEL,
ONE WITHOUT
THE PRIOR WEAK POINTS.
♪
ONE DESIGNED TO FIGHT YURI.
( Joe panting )
Nanbu: THERE YOU GO.
HIS GEAR DOESN'T RECOGNIZE
THAT PATTERN YET.
THAT THING MAY BE
ABLE TO READ HIM,
BUT IF IT DOESN'T HAVE
ANY DATA TO WORK WITH...
Mikio: HEH. GOOD THING
ACE IS A FAST LEARNER.
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
Mikio: DID YOU SERIOUSLY
THINK YOU STOOD A CHANCE,
YOU AND YOUR PATHETIC
LITTLE BAG OF TRICKS?
Joe: WHAT?
( growls )
( roars )
‐ ( crowd booing )
‐ Referee: THAT'S A SLIP!
Man: GET IT TOGETHER, JOE!
Man #2: COME ON!
THIS ISN'T SOME STREET FIGHT!
Mikio: YOU DON'T BELONG HERE.
( horn blows )
Announcer: AND THAT COMPLETES
THE SECOND ROUND.
I GOTTA SAY JOE IS
LOOKING REALLY ROUGH OUT THERE.
Sachio: JOE!
( Joe grunting )
Yukiko: THE OUTCOME
IS INEVITABLE.
Yuri: IT'S NOT OVER
'TIL IT'S OVER.
"WHICH OF THEM HAS TRUE SKILL?"
ISN'T THAT
WHAT YOU WANTED TO KNOW
WHEN YOU ARRANGED
TO HAVE THEM MEET IN THE RING?
( Yukiko scoffs )
( Joe spits )
( chuckles )
THAT FEELS BETTER.
Sachio: IT'S READING
YOUR EVERY MOVE.
IT'S EVEN FINDING WAYS TO PUT
THE PATTERNS IT LEARNS TO USE.
THE LONGER THE MATCH GOES ON,
THE STRONGER HIS GEAR
IS GONNA GET.
( Joe breathing heavily )
Nanbu: IF THE NEW COMBINATIONS
AREN'T ENOUGH TO TRICK IT,
THEN WE MAY BE OUT OF OPTIONS.
Joe: SCREW THAT. YOU'RE
THE ONE WHO SAID IT, POPS.
GEAR DOESN'T DECIDE
WHO WINS A FIGHT. REMEMBER?
( Nanbu groans )
( water sloshing )
Nanbu: SACHIO,
COOL THE OTHER SIDE OFF.
Mikio: HOW'S THE SYNC?
Tech: RISING STEADILY.
BY THE LOOKS OF THINGS,
IT'LL HIT PEAK PERFORMANCE
IN THE NEXT ROUND, SO‐‐
Mikio: I DIDN'T ASK
FOR ESTIMATES.
TELL ME THE EXACT NUMBERS.
Tech: RIGHT. SORRY.
IT'S CURRENTLY AT 73%, SIR.
Mikio: COULD YOU
MOVE ANY SLOWER?
( tech #2 gasps )
( Mikio scoffs )
THIRD‐RATE IDIOTS.
Yukiko: HE HASN'T CHANGED.
Yuri: SYNCHRONIZATION WITH
THE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
CREATES STRAIN,
BOTH PHYSICALLY AND MENTALLY.
I'D ASSUME
THE COST IS EVEN HIGHER
WITH THIS NEW ACE MODEL.
Yukiko: THAT'S THE LIMITATION
OF HIS GEAR.
GEAR HUMANS CANNOT MAKE USE OF
HAS NO VIABLE FUTURE.
THE FACT THAT HE CAN'T SEE THAT
IS WHY HE CAN NEVER
LEAD THE COMPANY.
Mikio: WHAT I DO IN THIS RING
WILL PROVE, ONCE AND FOR ALL,
WHICH OF US SHOULD BE RUNNING
THE SHIRATO CORPORATION.
( computer beeping )
( punches whooshing )
( grunting )
RAISE AUTOMATIC CONTROL TO 50%.
Computer: SYNCHRONIZATION AT 38,
49, 55%...
Mikio: HIGHER!
Computer: 79, 85, 98...
Mikio: GIVE ME MORE!
Computer: MAXIMUM OUTPUT.
SYNCHRONIZATION DROPPING.
60, 54, 32.
STABILITY LOST.
( Mikio gasping )
( gags )
( gasping )
( panting )
RESTART AT 60%.
( crowd cheering )
Announcer: WE'RE NOW
INTO THE THIRD ROUND,
BUT NOTHING
HAS CHANGED IN THE RING.
( Joe gasps )
( crowd laughing )
Santa: WHAT'S THE HELL'S
SO FUNNY, HUH?!
I DON'T SEE ANY OF YOU
FIGHTING IN THERE, SO CAN IT!
Bonjiri: JOE, SHOW THESE GUYS
THEY'RE WRONG ABOUT YOU!
Oicho: GET HIM, BIG JOE!
KNOCK HIM OUT! GO!
( Joe panting )
Mikio: NOW YOU GET IT,
DON'T YOU?
YOU'RE JUST A FRAUD WHO'S
BLUFFED HIS WAY TO THIS POINT.
( Joe chuckles )
THAT ALL YOU GOT?
YOU THINK YOU'RE THE REAL DEAL,
THROWING OUT PUNCHES LIKE THESE?
Announcer:
A DEVASTATING UPPERCUT!
JOE IS KNOCKED OUT OF THE RING!
Oicho: BIG JOE.
( Mikio panting )
YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT TO TALK
ABOUT WHO THE REAL DEAL IS.
YOU'RE THE FRAUD HERE, JUNK DOG.
‐ ( heart beating )
‐ ( Nanbu growls )
Sachio: JOE!
Nanbu: DON'T TOUCH HIM!
IF SOMEONE FROM HIS CORNER
HELPS HIM UP,
HE'S INSTANTLY DISQUALIFIED.
Joe: HEY, DON'T WORRY, SACHIO.
Nanbu: YOU'RE RIGHT, KID.
WE'VE BEEN THINKING ALL WRONG.
IT'S NOT THE GEAR
THAT DECIDES WHO WINS.
IT'S THE FIGHTER.
SO GO AFTER HIM.
SHOW HIM
THAT NEW PUNCH OF YOURS.
( Joe chuckles )
( crowd yelling )
( crowd murmuring )
Mikio: WHAT EXACTLY ARE YOU?
( gasps )
( punches thumping )
♪
Mikio: WHY?
WHY ABANDON THE INGENUITY OF ACE
AND CHOOSE
THAT MONSTROUS, DISGUSTING GEAR?
HAVE YOU GIVEN
YOUR LOYALTY TO YUKIKO?
Yuri: I DID IT TO WIN.
THAT'S ALL.
Mikio: IN THAT CASE,
WHY DON'T WE PROVE
WHICH IS THE BETTER GEAR
RIGHT NOW? COME ON!
Yuri: ONLY WINNERS EARN
THE RIGHT TO FIGHT AGAINST ME.
( Mikio scoffs )
SO YOU THINK YOU'RE
THE ONLY ONE WITH REAL SKILL?
YOU'RE JUST A WILD ANIMAL
THAT'S COZIED UP TO MY SISTER!
Yuri: JUST WHAT EXACTLY
ARE YOU TRYING TO PROVE HERE?
Mikio: WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
Yuri: IT'S NOT ABOUT GEAR.
REAL MEGALO‐BOXERS HAVE CONTROL
OVER THEIR OWN FISTS
WHEN THEY CHOOSE
TO STAND IN THE RING.
ARE YOU THE ONE
WHO PUT YOUR GUARD UP,
OR WAS IT ACE?
Mikio: ACE IS ME.
( crowd cheering )
Mikio: ACE...
IS ME!
‐ ( Yuri gasps )
‐ Mikio: I'LL NEVER ACCEPT
THAT YOU'RE THE REAL DEAL,
YOU MANGY ANIMAL!
Tech: WHAT IN THE HELL?
SYNCHRONIZATION IS
AT 90% AND RISING.
Mikio: MORE. GIVE ME MORE!
( Nanbu groans )
Mikio: GET OFF, JUNK DOG.
‐ Joe: IT'S JOE.
‐ ( Mikio gasps )
Joe: MY NAME IS JOE.
( Mikio growls )
Nanbu: JOE!
( distant )
YOU HEAR ME, JOE?!
( Sachio distant ) JOE!
Nanbu: YOU DIRTY PIECE OF CRAP.
( Mikio panting )
( horn blows )
Referee: DUE TO PERSISTENT
HOLDING BY JOE,
AS WELL AS WRESTLING
BY SHIRATO,
IT HAS BEEN DECIDED THAT A FOUL
WILL BE ISSUED TO BOTH FIGHTERS.
‐ ( boys protesting )
‐ Referee: THE NEXT FOUL
WOULD RESULT
IN DISQUALIFICATION.
Sachio: WHAT DO WE DO?
POPS, SHIRATO'S GONNA KILL JOE!
( horn blowing )
( Mikio gasps )
♪
WHAT IS THIS?
‐ ( Yuri gasps )
‐ Nanbu: JOE,
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?!
GET YOUR GUARD UP!
BLOCK! YOU GOTTA BLOCK!
Mikio: WHAT ARE YOU‐‐
YOU BASTARD!
Nanbu: WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
Announcer:
IN AN ODD TURN OF EVENTS,
"GEARLESS" JOE
HAS DROPPED HIS GUARD,
BUT IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE SHIRATO
IS GOING IN FOR THE KILL!
Man: JUST KNOCK HIM OUT ALREADY!
Man #2: HOW LONG ARE YOU
GONNA KEEP SCREWING AROUND?!
( horn blows )
Announcer: AND THAT'S IT
FOR THE THIRD ROUND.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF WHAT
WE JUST SAW IN THE RING?
Commentator: IT'S WEIRD.
SHIRATO SEEMS TO HAVE
THE CLEAR ADVANTAGE, BUT...
( Mikio grunts )
JUST WHO ARE YOU?
( crowd murmuring )
Yukiko: HOW STRANGE.
WHY DIDN'T HE FINISH IT?
‐ Yuri: HE WAS STOPPED.
‐ Yukiko: HMM?
Yuri: BY ANOTHER PART
OF HIMSELF.
Nanbu: SIT DOWN ALREADY.
YOU NEED AS MUCH REST
AS YOU CAN FOR THE NEXT ROUND.
Joe: IF I SIT,
I AIN'T GETTING BACK UP.
‐ SACHIO, TELL ME...
‐ Sachio: HUH?
Joe: THAT GEAR OF HIS,
IT CAN LEARN
ANY ATTACK PATTERN, RIGHT?
IT JUST NEEDS TO SEE IT?
Sachio: YEAH. ONCE IT DOES,
NOTHING WORKS ON IT
A SECOND TIME.
Nanbu: RIGHT.
WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT?
Joe: YOU SAW, DIDN'T YOU?
HE WAS GOING FOR A STRAIGHT,
BUT HE PULLED BACK.
Sachio: I GET IT. THE GEAR
CHANGED ITS PLAN OF ATTACK,
BECAUSE IT THOUGHT
YOU WERE UP TO SOMETHING.
THAT'S WHY HE
COULDN'T GO AFTER YOU!
Nanbu: I SEE. YOU DROPPED
YOUR GUARD, 'CAUSE...
‐ Joe: I WAS BLUFFING.
‐ ( Nanbu gasps )
( chuckles ) WELL,
THAT'S A HELL OF A THING TO DO
AT A TIME LIKE THIS, KID.
NOW YOU'RE HOPING HE'LL FIGURE
THAT OUT IN THE NEXT ROUND,
AND, WHEN HE COMES IN
TO FINISH YOU,
YOU'LL HIT HIM WITH A COUNTER.
Joe: YEAH.
I'LL HAVE ONE SHOT TO END IT.
Mikio: IF I HAD DISABLED
AUTOMATIC CONTROL,
I COULD HAVE BEAT HIM.
DID ACE MAKE A BAD CALL?
AM I‐‐AM I DOUBTING MYSELF?
Tech: SYNCHRONIZATION IS
AT 80% AND STEADY.
BUT AT THIS POINT,
IT DOESN'T REALLY MATTER.
"GEARLESS" JOE
CAN BARELY EVEN STAND UP.
YOU SHOULD BE FINE, EVEN IF
YOU DISABLE ACE's AUTOMATIC‐‐
Mikio: WHAT THE HELL
DO YOU IDIOTS KNOW?
ACE'S DECISIONS
AND THE ONES THAT I MAKE
ARE THE SAME! YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THAT, YOU JACKASS?!
( tech gasps ) NO, SIR.
Mikio: IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT
THAT LOWLIFE'S PLANNING TO DO.
IT'S GONNA END RIGHT HERE!
( horn blows )
♪
Announcer: "GEARLESS" JOE
SEEMS TO BE HELPLESS
AGAINST THE ULTIMATE GEAR.
HE STILL HASN'T
BROUGHT HIS GUARD UP!
IS HE TOO EXHAUSTED TO GO ON?
WILL THIS BE THE ROUND
THAT DECIDES
WHO GOES ON TO MEGALONIA?
Joe: I CAN'T SEE A DAMN THING
OUT OF THIS EYE ANYMORE.
YOU MAKE THE CALL ON WHAT
HE'LL USE FOR HIS LAST SHOT.
IT'S IN YOUR HANDS NOW, POPS.
( Nanbu chuckles )
WOW, YOU'RE BETTING ON ME?
YOU MUST REALLY BE DESPERATE.
Joe: MAYBE. EITHER WAY,
I FEEL LIKE BETTING ON YOU.
( Nanbu chuckles )
RIGHT OR LEFT. ( chuckles )
( punches thump )
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS BEFORE.
BACK THEN,
WE WERE BETTING ON HIM,
INJURIES AND ALL,
AND HIS LACK OF GEAR.
I'D SAY IF MIKIO'S
GOT THE ULTIMATE GEAR...
THEN WE'VE GOT
THE ULTIMATE GEARLESS.
( Mikio gasps )
Nanbu: HIS FINISHING BLOW
IS GONNA BE...
THE SAME AS BEFORE,
A STRAIGHT RIGHT.
INTERCEPT IT WITH A LEFT.
( chuckles )
Mikio: IS THIS WHAT ACE WANTS...
OR IS IT ME?!
( roars )
Nanbu: RIGHT THERE!
Yuri: TOO LATE.
( all gasping )
( crowd quiets )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
( crowd cheering )
( Abuhachi gasps )
( all cheering )
‐ Yabunuma: HELL, YEAH!
‐ Men: HUH?
Yabunuma: UH...
( laughs )
Computer: 5, 6, 7...
8, 9, 10.
Referee: THE WINNER, BY K. O.,
AT TWO MINUTES, 16 SECONDS
INTO THE FOURTH ROUND,
IS "GEARLESS" JOE!
( crowd cheering )
( both laugh )
‐ Bonjiri: YEAH! HE WON!
‐ Announcer: UNBELIEVABLE!
"GEARLESS" JOE
MAKES AN EPIC COMEBACK!
A SINGLE BLOW THROWN
FROM THE BARELY STANDING JOE
WAS ENOUGH
TO BRING MIKIO SHIRATO
DOWN TO THE CANVAS!
WE HAVE WITNESSED A MIRACLE!
THE MAN
FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE RANKS
HAS CLAIMED
THE LAST ENTRY TICKET!
AS PER THE STAKES OF THE MATCH,
THE LAST COMPETITOR IN MEGALONIA
WILL BE "GEARLESS" JOE!
Crowd: JOE! JOE! JOE! JOE!
JOE! JOE! JOE! JOE!
JOE! JOE! JOE!
Nanbu: HEY, THAT'S YOUR NAME
THEY'RE CHANTING.
Crowd: JOE! JOE! JOE! JOE!
Mikio: HOW'D YOU KNOW?
Joe: EH?
Crowd: JOE! JOE! JOE! JOE!
Mikio: MY FINISHING PUNCH,
WHICH SIDE IT WOULD BE?
( Joe chuckles ) I DIDN'T
THINK ABOUT IT TOO MUCH.
IT WAS MORE
LIKE MY BODY JUST REACTED.
( chuckles )
JUST LIKE YOURS DID.
( Mikio gasps )
( sighs )
( crowd continues chanting )
Mikio: IT'S OVER. YOU WIN.
Yukiko: I WONDER
WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
IF I HAD REFUSED TO BECOME
GRANDFATHER'S SUCCESSOR?
‐ Yuri: YOU'RE BEING CONCEITED.
‐ ( Yukiko gasps )
Yuri: YOUR BROTHER CHOSE
TO FOLLOW HIS OWN PATH,
IN SPITE OF THE ISOLATION
IT BROUGHT HIM.
HE FOUGHT TO THE VERY END
AND DID IT THE WAY HE WANTED.
HE PROVED HIS WORTH.
‐ DO YOU REGRET IT?
‐ ( Yukiko gasps )
Yuri: ARRANGING THIS MATCH
BETWEEN THEM?
Yukiko: THERE IS ONLY
ONE ULTIMATE GEAR, YURI,
AND YOU WILL BE THE ONE
TO PROVE THAT.
NO MATTER WHO ENTERS
THE RING AT MEGALONIA,
THAT FACT WON'T CHANGE.
Joe: HEY, CHAMPION.
( Yuri gasps )
Joe: HERE I AM,
JUST AS PROMISED.
I'M IN YOUR RING NOW.
( Yuri chuckles ) I DON'T BRAWL
WITH STRAY DOGS, REMEMBER?
YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT...
JOE.
( Joe chuckles )
Yuri: ONCE AN ANIMAL SINKS
ITS TEETH IN, IT DOESN'T LET GO.
Mikio: AND THE LOSER
LEAVES WITH NOTHING, HUH?
( chuckles )
♪
‐ ( laughter )
‐ Man: LET ME TELL YOU,
I WAS REALLY TOUCHED
BY TODAY'S FIGHT, MAN.
I THOUGHT THAT MATCH WAS
JUST GONNA BE THE SAME SHIT,
DIFFERENT DAY, BUT YOU GUYS
REALLY MADE US PROUD.
Nanbu: I KNOW.
YOU TOLD ME TWICE ALREADY.
Man: SAY, MY DAUGHTER WOULD MAKE
A BEAUTIFUL WIFE, YOU KNOW.
Nanbu: A WIFE? FOR ME?
Man: NO! JOE!
GRANTED, THE BUN'S
STILL IN THE OVEN,
BUT SOMEDAY, THOUGH, RIGHT?
Nanbu: SERIOUSLY? SHE HASN'T
EVEN BEEN BORN YET, WEIRDO.
‐ DAMN.
‐ ( men laugh )
Nanbu: EVERYBODY WANTS
TO GET IN ON THE PARTY
‐ WHILE THE GETTING'S GOOD. EH?
‐ ( boys laugh )
‐ Nanbu: HEY! SACHIO!
‐ Sachio: HUH?
Nanbu: DON'T THINK IT'S
GONNA BE LIKE THIS FOREVER!
Sachio: PIPE DOWN!
YOUR PREDICTIONS MEAN SQUAT
SINCE YOU GUESSED WRONG
ABOUT THAT LAST PUNCH!
THINK LONG AND HARD
BEFORE YOU GAMBLE AGAIN, POPS!
‐ Oicho: YEAH, TELL HIM!
‐ Bonjiri: THAT'S RIGHT!
Man: WHATEVER! LET'S TOAST
TO GETTING IN TO MEGALONIA!
Joe: DAMN IT. ARE THEY
GONNA LET ME SLEEP OR NOT?
( winces )
( groans ) EVERYTHING HURTS.
Sachio: WHOA,
YOU LEAVING, POPS?!
Nanbu: JUST TAKING A PISS.
I'M SORRY. I HAVEN'T TOLD
JOE AND THE BOY YET.
COULD YOU LET IT SLIDE
FOR ONE MORE DAY, MR. FUJIMAKI?
PLEASE, SIR.
♪
Fujimaki: YOU'D LIKE THAT,
WOULDN'T YOU?
I SUPPOSE SOME SCORPIONS
WOULD RATHER SHUT THEIR EYES
TO THEIR TRUE NATURE
AND BE POISONED BY THE VENOM
OF THEIR OWN DREAMS.
SORRY, COACH NANBU,
BUT THIS IS THE END OF THE RIDE.
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )